
Overview

What Personal Data Do We Collect?

Why Do We Retain Personal Data?

How Do We Process Personal Data? 

Do We Share Personal Data? 

How Do We Work with Other Services and Platforms? 

How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?

What Privacy Choices Are Available To You?

How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?

Can Children Use Our Services? 

What Else Should You Know?

Contact Us

Definitions

Additional Information


 

1. Overview
ThePaybox is a service provided by Belavadi Technology Solutions Private Limited. ThePaybox has developed this Privacy Statement to explain how we may collect, retain, process, share and transfer your Personal Data when you visit our Sites or use our Services.  This Privacy Statement applies to your Personal Data when you visit Sites or use Services, and does not apply to online websites or services that we do not own or control, including websites or services of other ThePaybox Users.


This Privacy Statement is designed to help you obtain information about our privacy practices and to help you understand your privacy choices when you use our Sites and Services. Please note that our Service offerings may vary by region.

We have defined some terms that we use throughout the Privacy Statement.  You can find the meaning of a capitalized term in the Definitions section.

Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy practices that are not addressed in this Privacy Statement.

2. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
We may collect information about you when you visit our Sites or use our Services, including the following:

Registration and use information – When you register to use our Services by establishing an Account, we will collect Personal Data as necessary to offer and fulfill the Services you request.  

Depending on the Services you choose, we may require you to provide us with your name, postal address, telephone number, email address and identification information to establish an Account.  We may require you to provide us with additional Personal Data as you use our Services.

Thepaybox does not ask for users Blockchain private-key. Thepaybox uses the Bloc
kchain address of user for record management.


3. Why Do We Retain Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations and for our business purposes.  We may retain Personal Data for longer periods than required by law if it is in our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law.  If your Account is closed, we may take steps to mask Personal Data and other information, but we reserve our ability to retain and access the data for so long as required to comply with applicable laws.  We will continue to use and disclose such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

4. How Do We Process Personal Data?
We may Process your information for the following reasons:

To operate the Sites and provide the Services, including to:
initiate a payment, send or request money, add value to an account, or pay a bill;
authenticate your access to an Account;
communicate with you about your Account, the Sites, the Services, or ThePaybox;
create an account connection between your Account and a third-party account or platform;

perform creditworthiness and other financial standing checks, evaluate applications, and compare information for accuracy and verification purposes; and
keep your Account and financial information up to date.

To manage our business needs, such as monitoring, analyzing, and improving the Services and the Sites’ performance and functionality.  For example, we analyze User behavior and perform research about the way you use our Services.
To manage risk and protect the Sites, the Services and you from fraud by verifying your identity. ThePaybox’s risk and fraud tools use Personal Data, Device Information, Technical Usage Data and Geolocation Information from our Sites and websites that offer ThePaybox Services to help detect and prevent fraud and abuse of the Services.

To market to you about ThePaybox products and Services and the products and services of unaffiliated businesses. We may also Process your Personal Data to tailor the marketing content and certain Services or Site experiences to better match your interests on ThePaybox and other third-party websites.

To provide personalized Services offered by ThePaybox on third-party websites and online services.  We may use your Personal Data and other information collected in accordance with this Privacy Statement to provide a targeted display, feature, Services, or offer to you on third-party websites.  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide these online services and/or work with other third-parties such as merchants, advertising or analytics companies to provide these online services.

To provide you with location-specific options, functionality or offers if you elect to share your Geolocation Information through the Services.  We will use this information to enhance the security of the Sites and Services and provide you with location-based Services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.

To comply with our obligations and to enforce the terms of our Sites and Services, including to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

To make it easier for you to find and connect with others, we may use your information you have shared with the Service to suggest connections between you and people you may know.  For example, we may associate information that we learn about you through your and your contacts’ use of the Services, and information you and others provide to suggest people you may know or may want to transact with through our Services.  Social functionality and features designed to simplify your use of the Services with others vary by Service. 

To respond to your requests, for example to contact you about a question you submitted to our customer service team.

5. Do We Share Personal Data? 
We may share your Personal Data or other information about you with others in a variety of ways as described in this section of the Privacy Statement. 

We may share your Personal Data or other information for the following reasons:

With other members of the ThePaybox corporate family: We may share your Personal Data with members of the ThePaybox family of entities to, among other things, provide the Services you have requested or authorized; to manage risk; to help detect and prevent potentially illegal and fraudulent acts and other violations of our policies and agreements; and to help us manage the availability and connectivity of ThePaybox products, Services, and communications.

With other companies that provide services to us: We may share Personal Data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at our direction and on our behalf. These third-party service providers may, for example, provide you with Services, verify your identity, assist in processing transactions, send you advertisements for our products and Services, or provide customer support. 


Personal Data and Account Information necessary to facilitate the transaction;
information to help other participant(s) resolve disputes and detect and prevent fraud; and

aggregated data and performance analytics to help merchants better understand Users and to help merchants enhance Users’ experiences. 
With other third parties for our business purposes or as permitted or required by law: We may share information about you with other parties for ThePaybox’s business purposes or as permitted or required by law, including:

if we need to do so to comply with a law, legal process or regulations;
law enforcement, regulators, government officials, or other third parties (in Singapore or elsewhere) in relation to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or requirement under Singapore law or regulation, or the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions that are applicable to ThePaybox or one of its affiliates; when we need to do so to comply with such law or credit card rules; or when we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of Personal Data is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss; or to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of a user agreement;

to protect the vital interests of a person;
to protect our property, Services and legal rights;
to facilitate a purchase or sale of all or part of ThePaybox’s business;
in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using a Service;
to help assess and manage risk and prevent fraud against us, our Users and fraud involving our Sites or use of our Services, including fraud that occurs at or involves our business partners, strategic ventures, or other individuals and merchants, such as eBay, Inc.;
to banking partners as required by card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants;
to credit reporting and collection agencies;
to companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by; and
to support our audit, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
With your consent: We also will share your Personal Data and other information with your consent or direction, including if you authorize an account connection with a third-party account or platform. 

In addition, ThePaybox may provide aggregated statistical data to third-parties, including other businesses and members of the public, about how, when, and why Users visit our Sites and use our Services.  This data will not personally identify you or provide information about your use of the Sites or Services.  We do not share your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.

6. How Do We Work with Other Services and Platforms? 
A significant benefit and innovation of ThePaybox’s Services is that you can connect your Account with a third-party account or platform.  For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, an “account connection” with such a third-party is a connection you authorize or enable between your Account and a non-ThePaybox account, payment instrument, or platform that you lawfully control or own.  When you authorize such a connection, ThePaybox and the third-party will exchange your Personal Data and other information directly.  Examples of account connections include:

linking your Account to a social media account or social messaging service;
connecting your Account to a third-party data aggregation or financial services company, if you provide such company with your Account log-in credentials; or
using your Account to make payments to a merchant or allowing a merchant to charge your Account.
If you choose to create an account connection, we may receive information from the third-party about you and your use of the third-party’s service.  For example, if you connect your Account to a social media account, we will receive Personal Data from the social media provider via the account connection.  If you connect your Account to other financial accounts, directly or through a third-party service provider, we may have access to your account balance and transactional information, such as purchases and funds transfers.  We will use all such information that we receive from a third-party via an account connection in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement. 

Information that we share with a third-party based on an account connection will be used and disclosed in accordance with the third-party’s privacy practices.  Before authorizing an account connection, you should review the privacy notice of any third-party that will gain access to your Personal Data as part of the account connection.  For example, Personal Data that ThePaybox shares with a third-party account or platform such as a social media account may in turn be shared with certain other parties, including the general public, depending on the account’s or platform’s privacy practices. 

7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies? 
When you visit our Sites, use our Services, or visit a third-party website for which we provide online Services, we and our business partners and vendors may use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a User and to customize your online experiences, the Services you use, and other online content and advertising; measure the effectiveness of promotions and perform analytics; and to mitigate risk, prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services.  Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.



8. What Privacy Choices Are Available To You?
We don't provide privacy choices.

9. How Do We Protect Your Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration.  The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.  While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current.  We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized.

10. Can Children Use Our Services?
The Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services.  If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data. Contact us if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from a child under the age of 13.

11. What Else Should You Know?
Changes to This Privacy Statement. 

We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, the Sites or Services, or applicable laws.  The revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. 


Transfers of Your Personal Data to Other Countries

Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.  We and our third-party service providers store and Process your Personal Data in the United States of America and elsewhere in the world.  We will protect your information as described in this Privacy Statement if your Personal Data is transferred to other countries.  By using our Sites and Services, you consent to your Personal Data being transferred to other countries, including countries that have different data protection rules than your country.  We do not represent that our Sites and Services are appropriate or available in any particular jurisdiction. 

12. Contact Us
You may contact us if you have general questions about our Privacy Statement and practices or questions about your Account information or Personal Data.

We want to make sure your questions go to the right place:

Click here to contact us about your ThePaybox account

 

13. Definitions
Account means a ThePaybox account.

Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Sites or Services.  Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device’s IP address; information about your device’s web browser and the internet connection being used to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data. 

Geolocation Information means information that identifies with reasonable specificity your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell site triangulation.  Some of our Services may ask you for permission to share your current location.  Some of the Sites and Services require this information to provide a specific product or online Service.  If you do not agree to our collection of the geolocation information, our Sites or Services may not function properly when you try to use them.

Checkout without a ThePaybox Account means a person’s use of the Services without logging into and/or establishing an Account.

ThePaybox means ThePaybox Payments Private Limited and subsidiaries or affiliates.  In this Privacy Statement, ThePaybox is sometimes referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our,” depending on the context.

Personal Data means personal information that can be associated with an identified or identifiable person.  “Personal Data” can include name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, and government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport, Social Security number and Taxpayer ID).  Personal Data does not include information that does not identify a specific User.

Process means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, disclosure by transmission, disseminating or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.

Services means any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by ThePaybox in connection with an Account or Checkout without a ThePaybox Account.

Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which ThePaybox offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.

Technical Usage Data means information we collect from your phone, computer or other device that you use to access the Sites or Services.  Technical Usage Data tells us how you use the Sites and Services, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the Sites and the way you use our Services, including your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies.

User means an individual who uses the Services or accesses the Sites and has established a relationship with ThePaybox (for example, by opening an Account and agreeing to the ThePaybox or Xoom User Agreement) or otherwise uses the Services as a buyer, seller or other type of participant to a transaction, including a Checkout without a ThePaybox Account.

 

14. Additional Information
The information provided in this section may be specific to customers depending on your region or how you use the Services. This information is provided to ThePaybox from third parties whom you may interact when using the Services.

Google ReCaptcha

ThePaybox uses ReCaptcha on the Sites and Services. Your use of ReCaptcha is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

ReCaptcha is only used to fight spam and abuse.

Legal

ThePaybox Services in India are provided by Belavadi Technhology Solutions Private Limited. Users are advised to read the terms and conditions carefully.

When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, tools or messaging, we or our authorised service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience and for advertising purposes. Learn more here.


